Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

What are your initial impressions of how `Unit Testing` affects your programming?
What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I'm not sure how Unit Testing would affect my normal programming, because normally as soon as I find a bug I fix it, but it was interesting to purposefully try to find situations that tested all the possible functions of the code, and I think it  wil cause me to be more meticulous about testing my code in the future.

My main issue with this assignment is that a couple of the bugs made all the other methods not work, so it was difficult to test around them without fixing them. Also, some things I weren't sure if they were bugs or just written differently than I would have, like the toString and the shop constructor. What I ended up doing to circumvent the issues with the central bugs only works because I checked the code for bugs manually - if I had just written the tests normally a lot more of them would have come out negative, and I couldn't work out how to make some of them come out positive even though I knew the code should work in that section, except that the inventory only accepts one computer. To someone taking this course in the future, I would advise them to find all the bugs manually and consider their implications first, before trying to write tests to find them.

The tests I wrote, in order, check to see if buy() adds the correct computer to the inventory, check if buy() throws an exception when expected, check if sell() removes the correct computer from the inventory, check if sell() throws an exception when expected, check if setPrice() accurately sets the price, check if the computer constructor sets the correct attributes for a Computer with one test for each attribute, check if setOS() accurately sets the OS, check if the toString() method creates a properly formatted String, check if the refurbish method sets the price correctly for each of the four possible new prices with one test for each, check if refurbish() accurately updates or doesn't the OS, and check if the ResaleShop constructor creates a new shop with an empty inventory.

I initially edited Computer and ResaleShop to have accessor methods, and then deleted those. I am fairly sure I made no other edits.